all right round 1 i'm on the dollar i
guess i'll play let miss draw first
formats last row drop first format that
i remember being always draw first as
far as i was concerned was scars of
mirrodin which was a phone that i liked
a lot more than a lot of other people
did well triple scars he in fact garbage
was pretty awful but you know once once
you've got other sets into l mix it got
pretty sweet and i love that it was a
draw first format but as far as i know
there have been no other quote unquote
expert level sets that are draw first
formats do to do to do to do to do let's
cast you for three mana and i'll trade
with your shamble shark I don't give a
son
Oh fish crab doing your thing was this
two or less yeah that's fine yeah maybe
it would've been better to keep it up
I'm played with this guy ah no biggie
gets seemed just like some dude just
like some dude hmm things are getting
weird and let's just get the the spiz I
out there see how big the white would
have become so I would have destroyed
his guy as 22 okay so he's still appear
to two what does this guy would be a 32
yeah that's fine and now what is he
playing another spider tracer oh god
it's almost big enough to get through my
spy yeah you just noticed that huh he's
like oh wait creatures with their
creature who's flying in this set what
say hot hmm i'm gonna do is play you and
return the rogue give me something to do
next turn you don't really gain a lot by
22 unblockable into a 3-2 unblockable
but and yeah that's fine I'm not
blocking i'm still not blocking sure
that is i do give up the ability to do
that to block comfortably but i can play
this guy next turn and block comfortably
walk here or here remove that counter
hell swamp now I've got all the answers
somebody all the answers I mean that one
answer that I potentially have all right
I'm blocking you cuz you're a little
douche sure do you have a counterspell
you didn't before he might now ponga
fine is he ponga fying his guy oh sure
wutev ski and then they're being a 242
interesting does this increases clock
that's kind of annoying doesn't increase
his clock but I'm doing it anyway
because it's a bigger creature I'm the
keymaster as they said in a ghostbusters
uh oh just got real yeah I'm not
blocking although I'm not afraid to
trade this guy with this guy interesting
alright so draw me and on land no okay
you did and death comes from above and
shadowy slices
boom all those spider tracers and
they're just not good at all um what can
I have kicking around no that's bad
winning here oops any other cards that
do stuff whip doesn't do anything that's
bad last less thoughts maybe this seems
pretty bad I would like to draw cards
and this is I mean now that's not good
enough shadow slice was cool and all
maybe shadow slices bed at the second
cider shadow slice is better than the
other last thoughts yeah that's probably
true i'm probably going to be in a
racing situation especially going second